---
id: 1775238929-USPT
aliases:
  - index
tags: []
---

# LANL Index

## TODO
- [ ] Start presentation for Kansas City
- [ ] Finish vtk reader
- [ ] Update tutorial videos with LA-UR number and upload to YouTube

[OpenAI Platform](https://platform.openai.com/home)

[[cheatsheets/1775240464-JQJN.md|Neovim Keymaps]]
[[setup/1775239701-PATV.md|Neovim Setup]]
[[setup/1776111454-USPT.md|MacOS]]
[[setup/1775315440-HIYW.md|Ubuntu 20.04]]
[[setup/1775315706-BZKR.md|Windows 11]]
[[setup/1775315839-HUIC.md|Ollama]]
[[setup/1775252915-IUPE.md|Ham Radio]]

# SAGEST Notes

## Good
- Overall, the presentation of the computational science components of the
  center give us confidence that PIs have the technical depth to accomplish the
  stated goals of the project. It is nice to see the focus on designing
  and developing performance strategies to handle the specific challenges
  presented by HashBrick AMR. The center's focus on performance and
  scalability will pay off.

## Needs Attention
- What testing or verification strategy could be added to Chord to help
  catch coding errors? Does the center have unit and integrated testing? How
  will you approach debugging the limiter bug that was mentioned in the
  presentation?
- Could you clarify what you mean by _performance portability_? Please
  present any details about the abstraction layer you are using.
- Several times, the assertion has been made that you are not using ghost
  cells. However, you do seem to be using ghost _bricks_. Please clarify this
  distinction. If you are using ghost bricks, please resist saying that
  you are not using ghosts.
- It is possible to implement latency-hiding strategies using MPI. Please
  clarify how SHMEM's latency-hiding strategy is unique, e.g., it allows
  efficient fine-grain memory updates. What is the synchronization
  mechanism? How does SHMEM differ from MPI one-sided communication?
- Does SHMEM implement caching logic?
- We encourage the SAGEST team to consider Kokkos as a portability layer.
  This could reduce the load on the project and would allow the SAGEST team
  to join a thriving community of developers working on similar challenges
  in performance portability.
- Writing a new tasking runtime seems very ambitious! We encourage the
  SAGEST team to do further evaluation of existing runtimes (in particular,
  [HPX](https://docs.hpx.dev/latest/html/manual/hpx_runtime_and_resources.html}) to see if the added development and support costs can be avoided.
- If SAGEST chooses to develop a novel tasking runtime, we encourage the
  center to participate in the tasking community, e.g., through the
  [PAW-ATM](https://sourceryinstitute.github.io/PAW) workshop.
- It would be nice to hear more detail about the node performance
  strategies that are being developed by co-PI Mary Hall. Is this entirely
  compiler-based? Are there issues/challenges in integrating this work
  into the _HashBrick_ library?
- The potential for increased resiliency is interesting, but could be an
  enormous increase in scope. How will the center manage the associated
  risk of this line of research? What existing research or tools will be
  used?
- Overall, there is some concern about research thrusts that require
  _from-scratch_ development of complex runtime library support, e.g.,
  tasking, resilience, abstraction that may be overly ambitious. These
  lines of research should be carefully considered and potentially
  down-selected to choose the highest-yield effort.

