# CSSE Program Meeting

* Still no CRES. Workpackages are due June 28th.
  Begin June 5th - 6th.

# FleCSI Developer Meeting

* Davis screwed us again with breaking interface changes.
* Suggested that the "padding" nature of what is currently labeled `bdepth`.

# FleCSI Specializations Meeting

Requested * Setup meeting with Andrew (maybe Bobby) on CEA talk
Requested * Setup meeting with Andrew and Andres to discuss coarse grid solver.

### Andrew
* Able to reduce order using multiaccessors. Galerkin product does
  redistribution by creating a reduced number of colors. This approach is more
  task-based than the normal MPI method. Would need to add CRS conversion for
  structured mesh apps.

### Max
* Working on NetCDF flastro.

### Thomas
* 1D & 2D visualization
* Setup meeting to discuss documentation

### Philipp
* Drowning in beauracracy...
* Isaac is working on fvm
* Still debugging burton

* Move flecsi/flecsi-sp to flecsi-sp namespace
* Add flecsi and ristra developers to flecsi-sp
* Look at Darwin neovim setup

# ToDo

* Setup meeting with Jimmy
  - Sent email requestion meeting (Meeting Scheduled 6/4@4PM)
